Lake Forest Community Center
100 Civic Center Drive, Lake Forest, CA 92630


The nearest airport is Santa Ana Airport (SNA) which is about a 25 minute drive away.  Los Angeles Int'l Airport (LAX) is roughly 55 minutes away under ideal traffic conditions.

The closest entertainment and shopping destination is The Irvine Spectrum which is a short 15 - 20 min drive depending on your pick of accommodation.  It hosts a myriad of retail stores and restaurants to fit your shopping and dining needs.  Quick and easy eats like Nashville's Hot Chicken from Burning Mouth are offered as well as fine dining options such as Fogo de Chao which are all in walking distances of each other.    Irvine Spectrum Directory 

ACCOMODATION

Sonesta Suites (1.9 miles from Event Location)

Holiday Inn Express (1.2 miles from Event Location)  

Extended Stay (1.8 miles from Event Location) 

Staybridge Suites (1.4 miles from Event Location) 

Hilton Garden Inn (4.7 miles from Event Location)   This is also located on a street with 6 other Hotels (Courtyard, Marriot, etc), all next to each other.  It is an easy location as it is a mere 5 min walk to different dining options.  It is also located right next to the 5 freeway and this is where we held our 2022 Teams Event last December. 

If you do not mind a longer drive and want to be near The Irvine Spectrum, we suggest Courtyard Marriot by Irvine Spectrum (5.7 miles from Event Location) or the Extended Stay Irvine Spectrum.  The Courtyard Marriot is newer and more expensive but it is a 1/2 mile walk to the Spectrum.  The Extended Stay is a longer walk (1+ mile) but doable.

For groups travelling together, there are plenty of AirBnB options, including a variety of beach houses located in Laguna Beach (20 minutes from location) or Newport Beach (30 minutes).

If you plan on making this Southern CA trip longer, Disneyland is 22 miles away and roughly a 30 minute drive under ideal traffic conditions.  Disneyland requires reservations in advance so make sure you book those ahead of time. There is also Knotts Berry Farm which is 30 miles away and a 40 minute drive.  If you are adventurously flying out from LAX, check out Universal Studios which is located in Hollywood.  Universal Studios is only 27 miles away from LAX but dependent on the LA driving/traffic conditions, the drive can stretch to be an hour long.  Fittingly for a hot sunny August day, there is also a new water park, Wild Rivers, conveniently located in the neighboring city Irvine that features 20 water attractions. 

For those who are interested in seeing the Pacific Ocean, we recommend the Crystal Cove Beach.  There is a fee to park in their private lot (Crystal Cove State Park, Reef point) but it is worth it on a busy weekend.  It is 18 miles from our Event Location, which is about a 30 min drive.  When you get to Crystal Cove, you will end up on the Pacific Coast Highway which is the road to access all of CA's coast.  It is a beautiful scenic drive and along the way you can visit our local treasure, Shake Shack, for a quick treat.

One last thing, a lot of Sigmar players have expressed interest in Karaoke bars in the past.  The nearest Karaoke Room Rentals can be made at Plush in Irvine  or Voko in Tustin or Shout in Tustin.
